[RHACS] Added release notes for 3.68.0 (#41190)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/368-release-notes.adoc

[id="368-release-notes"]
= Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes 3.68
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: 368-release-notes

toc::[]

{product-title} ({product-title-short}) 3.68 includes feature enhancements, bug fixes, scale improvements, and other changes.

*Release date:* January 31, 2022

[id="new-features"]
== New features

[id="vulnerability-triage-workflows"]
=== Vulnerability triage workflows
{product-title} 3.68 includes the ability to triage vulnerabilities in a variety of ways to support your vulnerability management process.
See xref:../operating/manage-vulnerabilities.adoc#vulnerability-management-proccess_acs-operating-manage-vulnerabilities[Managing vulnerabilities] for more information.

[id="report-scheduling"]
=== Report scheduling for vulnerabilities

> {product-title} 3.68 includes the ability to schedule reports for vulnerabilities helping you to send scheduled communications to key stakeholders to assist in the vulnerability management process. See xref:../operating/manage-vulnerabilities.adoc#vulnerability-management-reporting_acs-operating-manage-vulnerabilities[Reporting vulnerabilities to teams] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} 3.68 includes the ability to schedule reports for vulnerabilities which helps you send scheduled communications to key stakeholders to assist in the vulnerability management process. See xref:../operating/manage-vulnerabilities.adoc#vulnerability-management-reporting_acs-operating-manage-vulnerabilities[Reporting vulnerabilities to teams] for more information.
```

[id="use-aws-ecr-assumeroles"]
=== Use AWS ECR AssumeRoles

> AWS AssumeRoles allows you to define roles with specific permissions and then granting users access to those roles. {product-title} 3.68 includes the ability to use AWS ECR AssumeRoles to configure roles and grant various levels of access to users.

Reviewer: AWS AssumeRoles or AWS ECR AssumeRoles or are they really interchangeable?

For more details, see xref:../integration/integrate-with-image-registries.adoc#use-assumerole-with-ecr[Using assumerole with Amazon ECR].

[id="output-format-enhancements"]
=== Enhancements for CI outputs
Red Hat has improved the usability of {product-title} CI integrations. CI outputs now show additional detailed information about the vulnerabilities and the security policies responsible for broken builds.

[id="inactive-software-components"]
=== Inactive Software Component Identification
Red Hat has improved the ability of users to identify if a software package that is being used inside of a container image is inactive, which helps users to triage if a software package may be able to be removed as a hardening step or vulnerability remediation.

[id="known-issue"]
== Known issue

> When the same software package is installed in multiple layers in a docker image {product-title-short} may incorrectly identify the state of that package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the same software package is installed in multiple layers in a docker image, {product-title-short} might incorrectly identify the state of that package.
```

[id="important-bug-fixes"]
== Important bug fixes

> * *ROX-8709*: Previously, searching for CVE's with a specific severity did not returned any results. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-8709*: Previously, searching for CVEs with a specific severity did not returned any results. This issue has been fixed.
```

> * *ROX-8983*: Previously, when configuring the *Manage Watches* feature, if you added more than 12 images to the watch list, the image list would not display properly. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-8983*: Previously, when configuring the *Manage Watches* feature, if you added more than 12 images to the watch list, the image list did not display properly. This issue has been fixed.
```

> * *ROX-8276*: Previously, when the {product-title-short} Operator accessed the `central-htpasswd` secret, it would create a false positive policy violation for the *OpenShift: Advanced Cluster Security Central Admin Secret Accessed* default policy. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-8276*: Previously, when the {product-title-short} Operator accessed the `central-htpasswd` secret, it created a false positive policy violation for the *OpenShift: Advanced Cluster Security Central Admin Secret Accessed* default policy. This issue has been fixed.
```

[id="security-update"]
== Security update

> In earlier versions of {product-title}, the `write` permission for the `APIToken` resource allowed users to create API tokens for any role, including the `admin` role. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: Is it just the admin role you're removing the ability to change? If so, consider:
```suggestion
In earlier versions of {product-title}, the `write` permission for the `APIToken` resource allowed users to create API tokens for any role, including the `admin` role. This issue has been fixed, and it is no longer possible to create API tokens for the `admin` role..
```

[id="important-system-changes"]
== Important system changes

> * {product-title-short} 3.68 includes updates for the `Log4Shell` vulnerability detection policy. With this update this policy also detects CVE-2021-45046 and it includes the updated remediation based on the latest guidance by the Apache Logging security team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {product-title-short} 3.68 includes updates for the `Log4Shell` vulnerability detection policy. With this update, this policy also detects CVE-2021-45046, and it includes the updated remediation based on the latest guidance by the Apache Logging security team.
```

> * Before this release, CVEs could be snoozed using global write access on the `Images` resource. Beginning with {product-title-short} 3.68:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this release, only global write access on the `Images` resource was necessary to snooze CVEs . Beginning with {product-title-short} 3.68:
```

Author: I've updated the description.

** To snooze CVEs, you must have `write` permission for the `VulnerabilityManagementRequests` resource.
** To approve requests, you must have `write` permission for the `VulnerabilityManagementApprovals` resource.
* When you upgrade to {product-title-short} 3.68, roles that include `write` access on the `Images` resource will have `write` permissions for both  `VulnerabilityManagementRequests` and `VulnerabilityManagementApprovals` resource.
Red Hat recommends updating the roles to only include the least amount of resources required for each role.

> * If you have installed {product-title} using Helm, this update disabled the cluster configuration options in the {product-title-short} portal. You can continue to use Helm configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you installed {product-title} using Helm, this update disabled the cluster configuration options in the {product-title-short} portal. You can continue to use Helm configuration files.
```

* {product-title-short} 3.68 sends notifications for every runtime policy violation rather than sending notifications only the first encountered violation. This is the default behavior. To change it, you must set the `NOTIFY_EVERY_RUNTIME_EVENT` to `false`.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Red Hat will remove this environment variable in future releases. Contact the support team for any related inquiries.
====
* Red Hat has moved the following images to new repositories:
+
[%header,cols="1,2,2"]
|===
|Image
|Old repository
|New repository

> |main

Reviewer: Please double-check the [markup chart](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference). The way I read it, all the repo names and the image names should be inclosed in backticks.
